
Hello this is our lab charter
Group communication and interaction:  
 
1. Regular communication: 
Group Charter: Your Team Name  
Regular communication : 
   Twice a week besides lab on discord
   Take meeting notes on drive that everyone can see
 
2. Group communication on tardiness/missed meetings and meeting information: 
    State 24 hours before if you are missing a meeting
    Also let people know if you are going to be late 
    All meeting infromation on google drive 
 
3. Communication ethics: 
    We figure things out as a group if there is any opinions that are there. If not then we ask our TA, and if still not resolved we ask Professor Rock. 
 
4. Group structure: 
The group shall have the following roles to help the group be more efficient: 
Yoda – This role belongs to the group leader. This jedi master is responsible for the flow 
of the meeting and has a helpful role in the delegation of responsibilities. 
R2-D2 – This role belongs to the meeting note taker. This droid is responsible to take 
notes at all the meetings and to relay the important information and any decisions made 
during the meeting to the other members via email by the end of the next day. They will 
also be responsible for recording any disciplinary actions taken toward any member of 
the group. 

Han Solo – This role belongs to the agenda maker. This member of the rebellion is 
responsible for making an agenda of subjects which need to be covered in the upcoming 
meeting. The agenda shall be emailed to the group before Saturday for a Monday meeting 
and three days before any other meeting.  

Group Charter: Your Team Name 

Make progess and share it every 2 days. If someone misses a meeting let 
 
5. Decision making: 
Any decisions which need to be made about the project, project direction or disciplinary 
action will be made by a majority vote. Any decisions about delegation will be covered in 
part six. 
 
6. Group decisions on delegation: 
The delegation of responsibilities to group members will be decided in the following 
fashion. The responsibilities will be discussed and decided on as a group decision. Then 
each group member has the opportunity to volunteer for the task he may want. If a group 
member does not volunteer for a task, they will be assigned one by Yoda. If a group 
member feels the portion of responsibility is unfair, they may voice their concern and 
state a reason why. If a majority of the group feels this member is correct, the 
responsibilities will be reformed and the delegation process will start again.  
